I don't have enough qualifications for you to judge me
If even I don't have this qualification
Who is worthy of it?
As expected of Young Master Yan
Strength is rape
Iron rod, what level are you and what level are others?
Dare to judge Young Master Yan
Bed with bed
The Qing army has been alive and dead for a long time
It is the Qing army who holds the world in one hand
This became the number one rebel
That's right, the Qing army is a plus for my sister in the Qing Dynasty
Help many times
As long as my sister opens her mouth to worship the Qing army, it is a sentence
Of course.
Young Master Yan, you are a martial arts genius yourself
Even if you don't mention the relationship between Yan warriors and the Seventh Army
I believe that as long as you are asked to take a look at you
You will find that you are extraordinary
Willing to wipe out your income
Yeah, yeah.
Pinfeng sword
Give me the declaration sword is not taken by a trash like you
Hahaha
You are so arrogant
You are simply
You don't mention my sister
Do you still want to hook up with Yan Zhan?
You don't pee either, see what virtue you are
Even Yan Zhan
Obedience is a conspiracy to die
Want to climb high branches
You can also
Have this strength
Thousands of people, whether it is status, ability, wealth
You have nothing.
Saying you're a dog is a lift
And rob me of women
Whoever breaks his leg
Throw out the Golden Bowl Hall
I, Yan Zhaolin, have been greatly rewarded
I see who dares to be young Shaolin
This trick requires
But you asked
personally